on the outdoor smartphone market
french is trying his luck hello lilian
I am technical director at cros
kolles the technical director of this
French smartphone brand unveils
in this apartment marseillais sa
range of phones
six models under 280 euros
models designed to withstand
most difficult conditions with by
example of there a very nice smartphone
designed by kroos school who presents a
very very good impact resistance
will be able to very good resistance
so if you are not convinced do
a fall more and we're still
perfectly worked then what I
wanted to show you what we could
do with this phone there
this technical director has a total
trust in his products and for proof
a demonstration with the model in
question
it is a fire to protest
and that's the surprise
no phone signal
I forgot about the year you can see
the phone that starts and that is
perfectly functional cros school takes
all the risks to design
mobile and outdoor smartphones
today this French specialist can
boast of designing products
actually resistant to water and to
dust and clearly teaches us a
thing is not phone specialist
waterproof who wants